# [Linux stuff]
https://www.archlinux.org/feeds/news/ linux news

# [Podcasts]
http://www.hellointernet.fm/podcast?format=rss entertainment podcast

# [YouTube]
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCYO_jab_esuFRV4b17AJtAw !youtube # 3Blue1Brown
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCe0TLA0EsQbE-MjuHXevj2A !youtube # ATHLEAN-X™
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UClwZ9NeD2NP_ziuRqU4kC3Q !youtube # Aarontti
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCS0N5baNlQWJCUrhCEo8WlA !youtube # Ben Eater
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCQ4FyiI_1mWI2AtLS5ChdPQ !youtube # Boyinaband
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCRwr1kxjL-8m1L6mQXB2zSQ !youtube # BradyStuff
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCt_t6FwNsqr3WWoL6dFqG9w !youtube # BrainCraft
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2C_jShtL725hvbm1arSV9w !youtube # CGP Grey
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCzSBv-iml0SCoAE-6v2ReWQ !youtube # CGP Play
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCr3cBLTYmIK9kY0F_OdFWFQ !youtube # Casually Explained
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtxCXg-UvSnTKPOzLH4wJaQ !youtube # Coding Tech
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCu6mSoMNzHQiBIOCkHUa2Aw !youtube # Cody'sLab
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9-y-6csu5WGm29I7JiwpnA !youtube # Computerphile
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCpXBGqwsBkpvcYjsJBQ7LEQ !youtube # Critical Role
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC-3SbfTPJsL8fJAPKiVqBLg !youtube # Deep Look
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCwRXb5dUK4cvsHbx-rGzSgw !youtube # Derek Banas
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCFKDEp9si4RmHFWJW1vYsMA !youtube # EthosLab
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCodkNmk9oWRTIYZdr_HuSlg !youtube # GoodTimesWithScar
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCR9Gcq0CMm6YgTzsDxAxjOQ !youtube # Grian
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC29RgbYpqNDqyaVyShL7VJA !youtube # Harbleu
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCwez9XDNV_wS0WNDZteXjgw !youtube # Hello Internet
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCx4jIXRv5--LBtgVlzHhuYw !youtube # Imaxe
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCeVBDgameAI0Qhf7leaPhYw !youtube # James Veitch
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC_iD0xppBwwsrM9DegC5cQQ !youtube # Jon Gjengset
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC4a-Gbdw7vOaccHmFo40b9g !youtube # Khan Academy
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsXVk37bltHxD1rDPwtNM8Q !youtube # Kurzgesagt – In a Nutshell
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3XTzVzaHQEd30rQbuvCtTQ !youtube # LastWeekTonight
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2eYFnH61tmytImy1mTYvhA !youtube # Luke Smith
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC1_uAIS3r8Vu6JjXWvastJg !youtube # Mathologer
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCRUULstZRWS1lDvJBzHnkXA !youtube # Matt and Tom
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCzV9N7eGedBchEQjQhPapyQ !youtube # Matt_Parker_2
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC11OPzwn5Wt0-LN3rARunmg !youtube # Mumbo
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UChFur_NwVSbUozOcF_F2kMg !youtube # Mumbo Jumbo
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCoxcjq-8xIDTYp3uz647V5A !youtube # Numberphile
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtwKon9qMt5YLVgQt1tvJKg !youtube # Objectivity
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtESv1e7ntJaLJYKIO1FoYw !youtube # Periodic Videos
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC-lHJZR3Gqxm24_Vd_AJ5Yw !youtube # PewDiePie
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCj4zC1Hfj-uc90FUXzRamNw !youtube # Phoenix SC
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCkw6l3jIjVtrXom_xqftSMA !youtube # Prolike Chro
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCkw5xPJsz-3IHt1y4Ciu8eg !youtube # Reinis Reinholds
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCoOTqDQzFR-3xhCPhG4VQyw !youtube # Sancarn
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCKe5oaHwJG54MugJgc1uOdg !youtube # Scammer Hotline
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCZYTClx2T1of7BRZ86-8fow !youtube # SciShow
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCRRr_xrOm66qaigIbwFLvbQ !youtube # Simon Clark
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCvBqzzvUBLCs8Y7Axb-jZew !youtube # Sixty Symbols
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCXJqJob5IS9gd0PTpSIxZvg !youtube # Spongy and Electric
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCSju5G2aFaWMqn-_0YBtq5A !youtube # Stand-up Maths
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCAuUUnT6oDeKwE6v1NGQxug !youtube # TED
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsooa4yRKGN_zEE8iknghZA !youtube # TED-Ed
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCi7GJNg51C3jgmYTUwqoUXA !youtube # Team Coco
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCeeFfhMcJa1kjtfZAGskOCA !youtube # TechLinked
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCG-KntY7aVnIGXYEBQvmBAQ !youtube # Thomas Frank
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCBa659QWEk1AI4Tg--mrJ2A !youtube # Tom Scott
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCEbYhDd6c6vngsF5PQpFVWg !youtube # Tsoding
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCbfYPyITQ-7l4upoX8nvctg !youtube # Two Minute Papers
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCAzKFALPuF_EPe-AEI0WFFw !youtube # TwoSetViolin
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCu0PSyLD5p_J5osLk5UD0pw !youtube # Uncle Dane
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCHnyfMqiRRG1u-2MsSQLbXA !youtube # Veritasium
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCOGeU-1Fig3rrDjhm9Zs_wg !youtube # Vihart
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCu17Sme-KE87ca9OTzP0p7g !youtube # VintageBeef
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC6nSFpj9HTCZ5t-N3Rm3-HA !youtube # Vsauce
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCwmFOfFuvRPI112vR5DNnrA !youtube # Vsauce3
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCL5YbN5WLFD8dLIegT5QAbA !youtube # agadmator's Chess Channel
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCq6aw03lNILzV96UvEAASfQ !youtube # bill wurtz
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9z7EZAbkphEMg0SP7rw44A !youtube # carykh
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCp68_FLety0O-n9QU6phsgw !youtube # colinfurze
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC4O9HKe9Jt5yAhKuNv3LXpQ !youtube # docm77
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCRtyLX-ej-H1PSiaw8g9aIA !youtube # gnembon
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCHSI8erNrN6hs3sUK6oONLA !youtube # ilmango
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCTjqo_3046IXFFGZ_M5jedA !youtube # jackisanerd
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCPcFg7aBbaVzXoIKSNqwaww !youtube # jacksfilms
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUHW94eEFW7hkUMVaZz4eDg !youtube # minutephysics
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCMpizQXRt817D0qpBQZ2TlA !youtube # singingbanana
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCnlpv-hhcsAtEHKR2y2fW4Q !youtube # thebennybox
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCt3QIly_CdcnTtau_7xD5sA !youtube # vihartvihart
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCm6yD26HlafzqNlYaK7uEaA !youtube # xisumasays
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCL5W9kuKIQtXEVAxSadB2BQ !youtube # xisumatwo
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCU9pX8hKcrx06XfOB-VQLdw !youtube # xisumavoid
